Add improvements. (#2590)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/develop/apis/service-provider-configurations-used-with-apis.md

!!! info "Related Links"
    -   For key APIs relevant for developers, see [Using APIs](../../apis/use-apis). 

>     -   For a list of the operations that can be performed with different permission levelsSee [Permissions Required to Invoke Admin Services](/references/permissions-required-to-invoke-admin-services/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   For a list of the operations that can be performed with different permission levels, see [Permissions Required to Invoke Admin Services](/references/permissions-required-to-invoke-admin-services/). 
```
